my boy will come back for the second BTS
no more dream Japanese version that came
out yesterday about yesterday nor any
issue hand they're all in Japan so it
illegally watching this but that's
alright how do you say that
AJ no audience shouting dance you can
read that shit
three two one go I know Dre Oden shorted
that I can't even do it this shit I want
to thank do we being such a rebel oh my
god
Jimmy John's it sounds so much like she
be she's not oh my god Janet
all go away gosh guys good my wife I
want you I want you like spinning around
in like the shopping cart wise on
Japanese so I can understand abilities
don't it Jimmy actually have my words
I'm just not sure because it is baby
like stick it out yes
he doesn't fucking great
there was no soon there was no need for
that
oh my god I was like make two which is
like a weird photo a fucking web-based
night how was that how did you feel
about that and I think that's very
acceptable actually I don't agree but
this not agree with this thing I don't
agree with this I don't agree with any
of their music videos okay so what are
the final four thoughts on that video
final thoughts thoughts thoughts
I thought you I thought that Jimin was a
bit did too much that this would be too
much I thought that'd be coming in those
close-ups for these hair like starred
like this and for being quite is get the
fact away as much the glasses and the
booklet I didn't like it was that person
use it inside yeah yep it would not
surprise me the absolute night
I need HD ABS yes why I was on Twitter
not because I saw wet bum town
screenshots leave me alone
alright I saw wet bum turn screenshots
leave me alone
one minute okay goodbye everyone please
subscribe to our channel we post new
videos every never just where we fucking
feel like it my path but spoiler
subscribe to our channel because we'll
give you a free babe a beer free night
fuckin free can you believe that in
Australia these days there was three
eggs
I started a Alan saga